all this movie is a is a very tough one and the first thing is also use
you you be empathetic and in terms of a family emergency you express
your sympathy so thank you my of experience I would discuss this
privately and personally with the sailor and number of support personnel
that are available whether that be a chaplain the the dot that's
on board the the corpsman us on board and with the view the XO the
CEO of they're available but just realize and understand a situation
like this you do not have to go about this alone are you all right
there by yourself to do or conduct a this type of thing by yourself
in terms of a almost impossible assignment that depends on your team
in in your relationship with that team and how you have conducted
like prior situations to so getting with your so you're leading chief
petty officer or yours or your chief petty officer leaving LPO I just
sit down with the team members and discussing what's what's about
to take place